[FLINK-25053][docs] Document how to use the usrlib to load code in the user code class loader (#18450)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/ops/debugging/debugging_classloading.md

-->

**Per-Job Mode (Yarn)**

> Currently, only Yarn supports Per-Job mode. By default, run a Flink cluster in Per-Job mode will include the user jars 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only Yarn supports Per-Job mode. By default, running a Flink cluster in Per-Job mode will include the user jars 
```

(the JAR file specified in startup command and all JAR files in Flink's `usrlib` folder) into the system classpath (the *AppClassLoader*).

> This behavior can be controlled with the `yarn.per-job-cluster.include-user-jar` parameter. When setting it to `DISABLED`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior can be controlled with the `yarn.per-job-cluster.include-user-jar` config option. When setting it to `DISABLED`, 
```

Flink will include the user jars in the user classpath and load them dynamically by *FlinkUserCodeClassLoader*.
See [Flink on Yarn]({{< ref "docs/deployment/resource-providers/yarn" >}}) for more details.

**Application Mode (Standalone/Yarn/Kubernetes)**

> When run a Flink cluster in Application Mode(Standalone/Yarn/Kubernetes), the user jars 

Reviewer: See FLINK-24897, `usrlib` is not supported for Yarn application mode now. But I believe this is the right direction that `usrlib` will be loaded by `FlinkUserCodeClassLoader` by default in application mode.
